[HTML] User-Centered Development of an Online Dashboard Tool for Economic Sustainability for Small and Medium Enterprises
AW Bennett, S Müller Loose - Sustainability, 2024 - mdpi.com
… tool for the economic sustainability of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the … business
analysis has provided German wine businesses with feedback on general business data …
Save Cite Cited by 9 Related articles All 7 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] The degree of adoption of business intelligence in Romanian companies—The case of sentiment analysis as a marketing analytical tool
DF Ciocodeică, RG Chivu, IC Popa, H Mihălcescu… - Sustainability, 2022 - mdpi.com
… digital marketing, the reports in the analysis panels of google analytics and social networks,
sentiment analysis … the executive dashboard placed as a “by-product” of sentiment analysis, …
Save Cite Cited by 28 Related articles All 6 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] An enterprise social analytics dashboard to support competence valorization and diversity management
G Di Tommaso, S Faralli, M Gatti, M Iannotta, G Stilo… - Applied Sciences, 2021 - mdpi.com
… enterprise, as a function of gender, time, roles, and discussed topics. The results of our
empirical analysis demonstrate the power of social analytics … that Enterprise Social Networks are …
Save Cite Cited by 6 Related articles All 9 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Designing a data visualization dashboard for managing the sustainability communication of healthcare organizations on Facebook
F Conte, P Vitale, A Vollero, A Siano - Sustainability, 2018 - mdpi.com
… consumer relationships on social media and aligning companies and consumers regarding
… the analysis are presented showing the main elements of a data visualization dashboard for …
Save Cite Cited by 25 Related articles All 10 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] A dashboard for supporting slow tourism in green infrastructures. A methodological proposal in Sardinia (Italy)
G Balletto, A Milesi, M Ladu, G Borruso - Sustainability, 2020 - mdpi.com
… However, here we report only the matrix of social media analysis of the Montevecchio
Mine Complex, as it is one of the most appreciated and best managed (Table 2). In fact, the …
Save Cite Cited by 77 Related articles All 18 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Applications and competitive advantages of data mining and business intelligence in SMEs performance: A systematic review
SV Tsiu, M Ngobeni, L Mathabela, B Thango - Businesses, 2025 - mdpi.com
… grounded in the analysis of business intelligence tools used indicates that dashboards (31.18…
Niche applications, such as social media analytics tools (1.08%) and topic modeling (LDA, …
Save Cite Cited by 105 Related articles All 14 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] A Comprehensive Business Intelligence Framework for Diabetes Management in Telemedicine: Advancing Data-Driven Decision Support Through Integrated …
EA Pop, G Mircea, CRM Iliescu - Systems, 2026 - mdpi.com
… displayed at the bottom of the dashboard. This section highlights the dedication to ethical
practices in the analysis of sensitive medical data and acts as a methodological disclaimer. …
Save Cite Related articles 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Digital Innovation Through Behavioural Analytics: Evidence from Acquisition Channels and Engagement in Global Cruise Firms
DP Reklitis, NT Giannakopoulos, MC Terzi, DP Sakas… - Information, 2025 - mdpi.com
… engines, social networks and referral platforms to discover and book cruises, digital interfaces
… This transforms analytics from diagnostic dashboards into decision-support infrastructures. …
Save Cite Related articles All 5 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Social media use of small wineries in Alsace: Resources and motivations analysis
C Haller, D Plotkina, T Vo-Thanh - Sustainability, 2021 - mdpi.com
… as business networking sites (LinkedIn), social networking sites (Facebook), microblogging
… enterprise social networking usage for business or commercial purposes [30,31]. Many top …
Save Cite Cited by 11 Related articles All 6 versions 
[HTML] mdpi.com
[HTML] Evaluation of data-driven sustainability potential at SMEs using an altered Ecocanvas model
LP Bálint, L Várallyai, S Botos - Economies, 2025 - mdpi.com
… digital technologies and data analysis allows economic systems to evaluate and manage
their impact on enterprise ESG … digital ecosystems and targeted support for small business …